Update channel argument in account registration (#285)
mirumee/saleor-docs: docs/developer/users.mdx

This guide describes how to use the Saleor GraphQL API to register a new account as a customer and do common account management operations.

## Multiple channels and users

> Creating a new account requires specifying a channel. It is needed because you can configure different email templates on a by-channel basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating a new account requires specifying a channel. It is needed because you can configure different email templates on a per-channel basis.
```

> User accounts are not restricted to a single channel. For example, a user registered in channel `europe` can still log in and make a purchase in channel `usa`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User accounts are not restricted to a single channel. So, for example, a user registered in the `europe` channel can still log in and place an order through the `usa` channel.
```

- `email`: user's email address.
- `password`: user's password.

> - `channel`: channel's slug.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `channel`: the slug of the channel used to sign up.
```

- `email`: user's email address.
- `password`: user's password.
- `redirectUrl`: path to a view where the user should be redirected to confirm their email.

> - `channel`: channel's slug.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `channel`: the slug of the channel used to sign up.
```
